Update CHANGELOG.md (#13)
PrefectHQ/prefect-dask: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

### Security

## 0.1.1

Released on July 8th, 2022.

### Fixed

> - Fixed `DaskTaskRunner` compatibility with core Prefect library - [#12](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-dask/pull/12)

Reviewer: Maybe put this under Changed as well? Nothing really broke
```suggestion
- Updated `DaskTaskRunner` to maintain compatibility with core Prefect library - [#12](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-dask/pull/12)
```
